KARMA ROYAL JIMBARAN


Banner Headline (3/5 words):
HL: Karma Royal Jimbaran


Jimbaran Bay, Bali, Indonesia 




Web Intro (max 120 words):
An idyllic private resort in the exclusive  Jimbaran Bay enclave, one of Bali’s most iconic beaches, famed for its stunning sunsets. Featuring just 15 deluxe apartments, Karma Royal Jimbaran, a boutique hotel, in Jimbaran, Bali, is a serene and intimate retreat set in lush gardens with a refined restaurant and pool deck, pavilions, and sun lounges. This property is part of Karma Group’s award-winning Lifestyle and Leisure Club.
Keywords: Jimbaran Bay, deluxe apartments, Karma, luxury hotel Jimbaran Bali


App Intro (max 50 words):
Karma Royal Jimbaran is an idyllic private resort in the exclusive Jimbaran Bay enclave, famed for its stunning sunsets. Featuring just 15 deluxe apartments, this Jimbaran luxury apartment is a serene and intimate retreat set in lush gardens with a refined restaurant and pool deck, pavilions, and sun lounges.
Keywords: Karma Royal Jimbaran, Jimbaran luxury villa




HL: Accommodation 
16 Elegant Apartments
This luxury hotel in Jimbaran, Bali, offers 15 elegantly designed apartments, each showcasing marble floors, polished wood furnishings, and traditional Balinese craftsmanship. Every apartment offers a private courtyard or balcony and is fully air-conditioned for optimal comfort. For families or groups of friends, the apartments can be seamlessly connected upon request.
Apartment amenities include: Mini kitchen, En-suite bathroom, Air conditioning, Smart TV (can be connected to YouTube, Netflix, etc.), and Telephone.
Keywords: luxury hotel in Jimbaran Bali,  traditional Balinese craftsmanship, Smart TV, polished wood furnishings
Room Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: One Bedroom Apartment 


Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	T1
	4
	1
	

The one-bedroom apartment offers a master king bedroom, an exclusive relaxation pavilions, a fully appointed SMEG kitchen, and stunning living spaces. 
Amenities:
* Master king bedroom 
* Sofa bed
* Air-conditioned 
* Smart TV
* Fully appointed SMEG kitchen
* Safety box




Room Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: One Bedroom Imperial Apartment


Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	T1I
	4
	1
	

Karma Royal Jimbaran’s 1 Bedroom Imperial combines elegance and space, featuring a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The en-suite bathroom is equipped with a bathtub. Enjoy the convenience of a mini kitchen, air conditioning, Smart TV, telephone, and a safety box for a truly comfortable stay.
Amenities:
* Double bed 
* Sofa bed 
* Ensuite bathroom 
* Mini kitchen
* Air-conditioned
* Smart TV
* Telephone 
* Safety box 
Room Category 03 max 50 words :
SHL: Two Bedroom Combination


Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	T2C
	8
	2
	

Karma Royal Jimbaran’s 2 Bedroom Combination offers ample space and comfort, with double beds in both rooms and a sofa bed in the living room. Each bedroom features an en-suite bathroom with a bathtub. The separate living room includes a sofa bed and amenities such as a mini kitchen, air conditioning, Smart TV, telephone, and safety box.
Amenities:
* Double bed 
* Sofa bed 
* Ensuite bathroom 
* Mini kitchen 
* Air conditioned 
* Smart TV
* Safety box
* Telephone






HL: Cuisine 
Discover new flavours and favourite dishes at Karma Royal Jimbaran Restaurant & Bar.


SHL: Karma Royal Jimbaran Restaurant 
The menu includes Western, Asian, Indonesian, and Balinese cuisine, expertly prepared using fresh local ingredients. 
The restaurant is open daily from 7 AM to 11 PM, offering a Special Night Balinese Set Dinner every Tuesday and a BBQ Buffet Dinner every Thursday, with live acoustic music. Begin your evening with a cocktail during Happy Hour, available daily from 12 PM to 1 PM and 4 PM to 6 PM, with all-day Happy Hour on Thursdays.
Keywords: Balinese cuisine, acoustic music, cocktail, Happy Hour
-Breakfast Menu -PDF
-View Menu - PDF
-Beverage Menu - PDF
-Happy Hour Menu - PDF


HL: Facilities 
This luxury resort in Bali offers 15 elegantly designed apartments, each showcasing marble floors, polished wood furnishings, and traditional Balinese craftsmanship. Every apartment offers a private courtyard or balcony and is fully air-conditioned for optimal comfort. The apartments can be seamlessly connected upon request for families or groups of friends.
Keywords: luxury resort in Bali,  traditional Balinese craftsmanship, polished wood furnishings


SHL: Pool 
Nestled in our lush tropical garden, the pool is open daily and exclusively available for the use of Karma Royal Jimbaran guests from 8 AM to 7 PM.


SHL: Karma Spa 
Our prestigious spa offers holistic therapies, utilising fresh Balinese products. Guests can choose from various indulgent body and beauty treatments, massage and reiki.
Opening hours 10 am – 10 pm
Phone: +62 361 701737
Email: kspa.jimbaran@karmagroup.com
- View Menu 
Keywords: holistic therapies, Balinese products, beauty treatments, reiki


SHL: Babysitting 
Expert childcare services are available upon request, allowing you to enjoy a night out with the peace of mind that your family is in safe, caring hands.


SHL: Library 
Choose from an extensive selection of new and classic books in the Lobby area.


SHL: Bar 
Raise your glasses with refreshing cocktails, chilled wines, and ice-cold beers. Fresh smoothies, juices, and a variety of non-alcoholic beverages are also available.


SHL: Free WiFi
Stay connected with complimentary WiFi, available in your apartment.


SHL: Drinking Water 
Complimentary bottled water is provided upon check-in, with refill stations available in the lobby throughout your stay.


SHL: Excursions 
Visit our tour desk for information on excursions and activities. We will be delighted to assist you with your bookings.


SHL: Hiking & Safari Trails 
From hidden waterfalls to majestic cliffs overlooking the Azure sea, South Bali offers outdoor adventures waiting to be discovered. Picture-perfect vistas await those ready to trade flip-flops for hiking boots and immerse themselves in the island's natural beauty and cultural wonders.
-Hiking & Safari Trails 
Keywords: Azure sea, South Bali, Outdoor adventures, hiking boots.


HL: Location 
Karma Royal Jimbaran
Jl. Uluwatu No. 18x, Jimbaran,Kabupaten Badung, Bali 80361, Indonesia


Resort Direct Dial
+62 (0361) 701 737


Resort Fax Number 
+62 (0361) 703 458


WhatsApp: +62 811-3820-0360


Email
concierge.jimbaran@karmagroup.com




Jimbaran Bay blends luxury with local charm, offering upscale dining, vibrant culture, and authentic seafood shacks.
- Book Now 


HL: Get in touch 


Our award-winning Karma concierge is at your service. 


First Name -
Last Name -
Member ID -
Mobile Number -
Email ID -
Country of Residence -
Reason for Enquiry -
Your Message -
- I agree to authorize Karma Club to process my data and to contact me in compliance with the Karma Group Privacy Policy.




—----------------------------------------