KARMA MUNNAR




Meta Page Title:
Karma Munnar - Karma Group




Meta Description:
Surrounded by steep slopes and vibrant cloud forest filled with fascinating flora and fauna, Karma Munnar is a serene upcountry retreat...
Banner Headline (3/5 words):


HL: Karma Munnar


Kerala, India 




Web Intro (max 120 words):
Karma Munnar, a luxury resort in Munnar is nestled in the heart of Kerala's Western Ghats, surrounded by steep slopes and lush cloud forests teeming with diverse flora and fauna. Offering an idyllic escape, the resort provides a serene atmosphere perfect for rejuvenation, nature lovers, and honeymoon getaways. The property features 22 spacious rooms with breathtaking jungle views, an exquisite fine-dining restaurant, and a luxurious infinity pool. Please note that this property does not accommodate pets.
Keywords: Karma Munnar, Western Ghats, luxury resort in Munnar


App Intro (max 50 words):
Karma Munnar, a resort in Munnar, is nestled in the heart of Kerala’s Western Ghats, surrounded by cloud forests. It offers 22 spacious rooms, a fine dining restaurant, and an infinity pool, ideal for relaxation and honeymoons. Note: Pets are not allowed.
Keywords: Karma Munnar, resort in Munnar,  Western Ghats


HL: Accommodation
Karma Munnar features 22 spacious rooms with en suite bathrooms, queen-size beds dressed in high-thread-count linens, and soft duvets. Each room offers panoramic views of the flowing Mudirapuzha River, ensuring a tranquil and scenic stay.
Keywords: Karma Munnar, Mudirapuzha River


Room Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Hotel Unit
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	HU DBL
	2
	0
	This inviting room for two offers all the comforts and essentials for a relaxing getaway. It includes a queen-size bed in high thread count linens and soft duvets, ample storage, TV, tea and coffee-making facilities, well-stocked minibars,  free Wi-Fi, an ensuite bathroom with hot water, a private balcony, and stunning views of the picturesque surroundings.
Amenities:
* A Queen size  bed
* TV
* Tea & coffee making facilities
* Mini bar
* Wifi
* Private balcony
* En-suite bathroom 


Keywords: en- suite, queen size bed




Room Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Hotel Unit Sleeps 2+ 1 Child
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	HUC
	2
	1
	This spacious room features  a queen size bed, ideal for two adults and a child. It includes ample storage, TV, tea and coffee-making facilities, well-stocked minibars, free Wi-Fi,an ensuite bathroom with hot water, a private balcony, and stunning views.
Amenities:
* A queen size bed
* TV
* Tea & coffee making facilities
* Mini bar
* Wifi
* Private balcony
* En-suite bathroom 


Keywords: en- suite, queen size bed,Minibar ,wifi




HL: Cuisine
Karma Munnar’s on-site restaurant, Golden Bamboo, offers a diverse selection of local Malabar dishes, along with other Indian favourites thoughtfully reimagined with a unique Karma twist, as well as international dishes to cater to a variety of tastes. The restaurant is open daily from 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM.
Keywords: Karma Munnar, local Malabar dishes




max 50 words :
SHL: Restaurant
The dining area of Golden Bamboo features expansive floor-to-ceiling windows that provide stunning views of the surrounding jungle. This serene setting makes it an ideal spot to not only savour exquisite local and international dishes but also to unwind with refreshing coconut water.




HL: Facilities
Karma Munnar offers a leisure and games space featuring a selection of board games and a foosball table. Additionally, a variety of excursions can be easily arranged by inquiring at the reception.


Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Three Monkeys Club & Activities Room 
The Three Monkeys Club is a dedicated leisure and games room for children featuring a play zone with a slide and toys along with a gaming station and daily art and craft activities.
The Activities room below the pool level offers table tennis, carrom and foosball for adults. 
Outdoor activities include cycling and village walks.

SHL: Library
Our cozy library at lobby level is stocked with a great selection of books and periodicals for you to enjoy during your stay.


Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Excursions
Karma Munnar offers a wide range of outdoor activities in the surrounding area, including nature walks, tea plantation tours, mountain hiking, jungle off-road jeep safaris, spice plantation tours, and visits to local nature reserves.
Keywords: Karma Munnar, jeep safaris




HL: Location 
Karma Munnar
Near Pallivasal Power House, Chithirapuram,
Munnar, Idukki Dt. Kerala, India.
Pin: 685565






Resort Direct Dial
+91 7559883555




Email
karma.munnar@karmagroup.com
Experience the enchanting romance of the Western Ghat Highlands at Karma Munnar
- Book Now


HL: Get in touch 


Our award-winning Karma concierge is at your service. 


First Name
Last Name -
Member ID -
Mobile Number -
Email ID -
Country of Residence -
Reason for Enquiry -
Your Message -
- I agree to authorise Karma Club to process my data and to contact me in compliance with the Karma Group Privacy Policy.




—----------------------------------------