KARMA SUNSHINE VILLAGE 


Meta Page Title:
Karma Sunshine Village - Karma Group




Meta Description:
A back-to-nature hideaway that’s a world away from the hustle and bustle of nearby Bangalore City. Bringing together a collection of rustic


Banner Headline (3/5 words):
HL: Karma Sunshine Village


Bangalore, India 


Web Intro (max 120 words):
Karma Sunshine Village offers a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of nearby Bangalore City. This resort in Nandi Hills, Karnataka, features rustic cabins with grass roofs, bamboo facades, and cozy wooden interiors, alongside unique container homes. Set in beautifully landscaped gardens, the village includes a plunge pool, outdoor play area gazebo, an amphitheatre and fire pit, providing the perfect setting for sunset gatherings. With a range of on-site and off-site activities, Karma Sunshine Village is ideal for families and friends seeking relaxation and quality time together. Whether you’re looking to unwind for a few days or a weekend getaway, this nature-inspired haven offers a tranquil escape. 
Please note, the property is pet-friendly.
This property is part of Karma Group’s award-winning Lifestyle and Leisure Club.


Keywords: Karma,  Bangalore City, rustic cabins, wooden interiors,  gazebo, resort in Nandi hills Karnataka 




App Intro (max 50 words):
Karma Sunshine Village, is a peaceful retreat located near Bangalore City. This resort in Nandi Hills offers rustic cabins and container homes surrounded by landscaped gardens. With amenities like a plunge pool, gazebo, garden, amphitheatre, outdoor play area, fire pit, it’s an ideal retreat for families and friends. Keywords: Karma,  Bangalore City, rustic cabins, gazebo, resort in Nandi Hills 


HL: Accommodation




Karma Sunshine Village, a luxury resort in Nandi Hills,  features 8 cozy cabins designed to offer a back-to-nature experience, using native materials and set amidst tranquil garden surroundings. Each cabin is equipped with a spacious double bed, en-suite bathroom, and windows offering scenic views of the rolling countryside or the Nandi Hills in the distance.
Keywords: Karma, double bed, en-suite,  Nandi Hills, luxury resort in Nandi Hills






Room Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Wooden Cabins 
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	HU DBL
	2
	1
	With bamboo accents, grass roofs, and wooden porches and balconies, the cabins provide the perfect escape from hectic city life, offering a peaceful and rejuvenating retreat. It also features a spacious double bed, en-suite bathroom, and windows offering scenic views.
Amenities:
* Double bed
* Wooden porches
* Balconies
* En-suite bathroom 
Keywords: double beds, en-suite 










HL: Cuisine 
The Village Shack, our all-day dining restaurant, offers daily set menus crafted from fresh, farm-to-table ingredients, providing a delightful and wholesome dining experience.


(max 50 words) :
SHL: Village Shack
Savor traditional village-inspired South Indian cuisine at the ‘Village Shack’ restaurant, where authentic flavors are prepared with fresh, locally sourced ingredients.
Keywords: South Indian cuisine, traditional 






HL: Facilities


While the surrounding area offers plenty to explore, Karma Sunshine Village is thoughtfully designed with a variety of amenities to keep you entertained and relaxed throughout your stay.
Keywords: Karma Sunshine Village
Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Plunge Pool
The expansive grounds feature a plunge pool, perfect for both kids and adults to enjoy and relax.


Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Activities Center 
The Activities Center offers a range of entertainment, including Table Tennis, Foosball, Carrom, Chess, Archery, and more for guests to enjoy.
Category 03 max 50 words :
SHL: Outdoor play
The outdoor play area invites you to team up and compete in your favorite sports, including basketball, cricket, futsal and archery
Category 04 max 50 words :
SHL: Amphitheatre
The spacious amphitheater, complete with a stage, hosts daily activities and movies in the evenings for guests to enjoy.
Category 05 max 50 words :
SHL: Open Lawns
The open lawns feature hammocks, swings, and a fire pit, creating a relaxing space to unwind and enjoy the outdoors.
Category 05 max 50 words :
SHL: Bale
The bale features subterranean lounge seating, offering a unique and cozy space to relax and unwind.






HL: Location 


Karma Sunshine Village 
House of Sunshine, 
Ghati Subramanyam, Laguminahalli 30 Kms from Nandi Hills, 
40 Kms from Yelhanka Police Station,
51 Kms from the airport




Resort Direct Dial
+91 91759 99745




Email
fo.sunshine@karmagroup.com
A tranquil retreat, offering an escape from the hustle and bustle of everyday life
- Book Now






HL: Get in touch 


Our award-winning Karma concierge is at your service. 


First Name -
Last Name -
Member ID -
Mobile Number -
Email ID -
Country of Residence -
Reason for Enquiry -
Your Message -
- I agree to authorise Karma Club to process my data and to contact me in compliance with the Karma Group Privacy Policy.




—----------------------------------------