KARMA KARNAK




Meta Page Title:
Karma Karnak - Karma Group




Meta Description:
An enchanting Nile adventure awaits you, with Karma Group’s first river cruise experience – Karma Karnak. Your Egyptian encounter begins...
Banner Headline (3/5 words):


HL: Karma Karnak


Luxor, Egypt


Web Intro (max 120 words):
Embark on an enchanting Nile adventure with Karma Group’s first river cruise, Karma Karnak. Starting in Luxor, sail up the Nile for four nights to Aswan, then return for three nights to Luxor. The Nile cruise itinerary offers unique excursions and activities both onboard and along the riverbanks.
Keywords: Karma Karnak, Nile, Karma Group, Luxor, Nile cruise


App Intro (max 50 words):
Embark on a captivating Nile journey with Karma Karnak. Starting in Luxor, sail to Aswan for four nights, then return for three nights to Luxor. The itinerary of the Nile Cruise, Luxor, Egypt, offers unique excursions and activities both onboard and along the riverbanks.
Keywords: Karma Karnak, Nile, Karma Group, Luxor, Nile Cruise Luxor Egypt


HL: Accommodation
Experience tranquil sailing and stunning ancient views aboard Karma Karnak. This four-deck cruise on Nile river features a spacious swimming pool and sun deck, restaurant, bar, and an entertainment lounge for a truly memorable journey.
Keywords: Karma karnak, cruise on Nile river
Room Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Cabin Double 
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	CabDbl
	2
	0
	The Cabin Double, with rich wood paneling and opulent furnishings, offers all the essentials for a comfortable Nile cruise. Cabins on the upper two decks feature large windows that open to enjoy the river breeze. It includes a double bed, air conditioning, en-suite bathroom, television, and chest of drawers.
Amenities:
* double bed
* Air conditioning
* TV
* Chest of drawers
* En-suite bathroom 
Keywords: Nile cruise, Cabin, double bed, en-suite


Room Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Cabin Twin
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children 
	CabTw
	2
	0
	The Cabin Twin, with rich wood paneling and opulent furnishings, offers all the essentials for a comfortable Nile cruise. Cabins on the upper two decks feature large windows that open to enjoy the river breeze. It includes a twin beds, air conditioning, en-suite bathroom, fridge,  television, small bedside cabinet and wardrobe.
Amenities:
* Twin beds
* Air conditioning
* TV
* Fridge
* Small bedside cabinet
* Wardrobe
* En-suite bathroom 
Keywords: Nile cruise, Cabin, twin beds, en-suite


Room Category 03 max 50 words :
SHL: Suite Sleeps 3 
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	Suite(3)
	3
	0
	This spacious room, with rich wood paneling and opulent furnishings, offers all the essentials for a comfortable Nile cruise. Cabins on the upper two decks feature large windows that open to enjoy the river breeze. It includes a double bed, a single bed, air conditioning, en-suite bathroom, fridge,  television, small bedside cabinet and wardrobe.
Amenities:
* Double bed
* Single bed
* Air conditioning
* TV
* Fridge
* Small bedside cabinet
* Wardrobe
* En-suite bathroom 
Keywords: Nile cruise, Double bed, Single bed, en-suite




HL: Cuisine
The chefs onboard Karma Karnak take pride in creating delicious culinary surprises, from themed buffets to global fusions. Expect a range of flavorful dishes inspired by the Mediterranean, North Africa, and the Middle East – simple yet packed with taste.
Keywords: Karma Karnak
max 50 words :
SHL: Restaurant & Lounge Bar
Located on the middle deck, Karma Karnak’s spacious restaurant features contemporary design with mood lighting and stylish furniture. Above, the bar and lounge area offers your favourite drinks and entertainment, providing the perfect spot to unwind.
- View Menu
Keywords: Karma Karnak








HL: Facilities






With a fully equipped bar, restaurant, and sun terrace, Karma Karnak offers everything needed for a serene and unforgettable experience, making it perfect for couples, families, and small groups.
Keywords: Karma Karnak








Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Entertainment
As the sun sets on the glistening Nile, the evening entertainment begins. The cruise itinerary features exciting activities, including cocktail parties, Jalabiya parties, and authentic Nubian and belly dancing shows, adding to your Egyptian experience.
Keywords: Nile, Cruise, Nubian


Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Sun Deck
With complimentary sun loungers and parasols around the swimming pool on the top deck, it’s the perfect spot to relax under the Middle Eastern/North African sun. If the heat gets too much, relax in the shaded areas of the sun deck, enjoying comfy sofas, beverages, and views of the Nile.
Keywords: Nile, Middle Eastern, North African






Category 03 max 50 words :
SHL: Tours & Excursions
The Nile banks from Luxor to Aswan, often called the world’s largest open-air museum, offer once-in-a-lifetime tours and activities. With regular stops along the river, Karma Karnak gives you the incredible opportunity to explore the Land of the Pharaohs. Choose from our Standard Tour Package or opt for additional, enchanting excursions.
Keywords: Nile, Luxor, Karma Kanak, Land of the Pharaohs, Aswan




Category 04 max 50 words :
SHL: Cairo, Luxor, Aswan
If seven nights aboard Karma Karnak isn't enough, we offer additional tours and accommodations tailored to your preferences. Whether you'd like to start your journey in Cairo or extend your stay in Aswan after the cruise, we'll help you fulfill your Egyptian bucket list.
Keywords:  Karma Kanak, Cairo, Aswan




HL: Location 




Karma Karnak
Viking Dock, Nage El Wehda,
El Boghdady, El Tod, Luxor,
Egypt 85951 








Resort Telephone
+20 1222375990








Email
karma.karnak@karmagroup.com
Experience a magical cruise at Karma Karnak on the beautifulNile River. 
- Book Now 


HL: Get in touch 


Our award-winning Karma concierge is at your service. 


First Name -
Last Name -
Member ID -
Mobile Number -
Email ID -
Country of Residence -
Reason for Enquiry -
Your Message -
- I agree to authorise Karma Club to process my data and to contact me in compliance with the Karma Group Privacy Policy.




—----------------------------------------