KARMA HAVELI


Meta Page Title:
Karma Haveli, your own Palace & Resorts in Jaipur, India. Book now




Meta Description:
Karma Haveli invites guests to soak up the splendour of India’s rich cultural heritage, along with the luxury and convenience of resorts in Jaipur.


Banner Headline (3/5 words):


HL: Karma Haveli


Jaipur, India 




Web Intro (max 120 words):
Originally constructed as a family mansion during the 18th-century golden age of the Maharajas, Karma Haveli, a hotel in Jaipur, Rajasthan offers guests the opportunity to immerse themselves in India’s rich cultural heritage, combined with the luxury and convenience of modern home comforts. Please note, this property is not pet-friendly.
This property is part of Karma Group’s award-winning Lifestyle and Leisure Club.


Keywords: Karma Haveli, hotel in Jaipur Rajasthan




App Intro (max 50 words):
Originally an 18th-century family mansion, Karma Haveli, a palace hotel in Jaipur, blends India’s cultural heritage with modern comforts. Please note this property is not pet-friendly.
Keywords: Karma Haveli, palace hotel in Jaipur 




HL: Accommodation


At Karma Haveli, a luxury resort in Jaipur, each of our 20 hotel units combines the romantic elegance of classic Jaipur with modern comforts, including an en-suite bathroom, air conditioning, and luxurious bedding fit for a Maharaja.
Keywords: Karma Haveli, luxury resort in Jaipur


Room Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Hotel Unit
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	HU
	2
	0
	
Unit Code : HU
2 guests 
Each room features its own unique charm, highlighted by carefully selected artworks and artefacts. It includes an en-suite bathroom, air conditioning, and luxurious bedding fit for a Maharaja.
This is your personal Rajasthani retreat; immerse yourself and enjoy every moment!
Amenities:
* Luxurious bed
* Air conditioning 
* En-suite bathroom 
Keywords: en- suite




HL: Cuisine


At Karma Haveli, experience the authentic flavors of Rajasthan in our elegant first-floor restaurant, or enjoy a more relaxed dining atmosphere in the courtyard when the weather permits. (Please don’t feed the monkeys!)
Keywords: Karma Haveli


(max 50 words) :
SHL: Karma Kasuri 
At Karma Kasuri, Our chefs draw inspiration from the sumptuous feasts once served to the Maharajas in Rajasthan's royal mansions. Set in the grand space that was once the mansion's master bedroom, the restaurant offers a traditional Rajasthani menu, featuring delectable dishes, crafted with fresh, aromatic local ingredients. Savor every bite.
- Restaurant Menu
- Thali Menu
- Tandoor Menu


Keywords: Karma, Royal mansions, master bedroom






HL: Facilities


Our charming 20-room palace hotel in Jaipur is just a short distance from the city centre, yet it offers a peaceful escape from the noise and bustle. Indulge in a Maharaja-inspired feast, enjoy a traditional puppet show, sip signature mocktails by the stepwell, or unwind in the serene courtyard gardens.
Keywords: palace hotel in Jaipur, mocktails


Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Karma Kasuri
Embark on an unforgettable culinary journey at our renowned restaurant, where aromatic spices, tantalising curries, showcase the very best of Rajasthani cuisine.
Keywords: Rajasthani Cuisine 


Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Activities Area
Guests  will always have something to do at Karma Haveli. With a variety of activities and games, including chess, table tennis, foosball, and carom, there is something for everyone.
Keywords: Karma Haveli, foosball


SHL: Bawdi (Stepped Well)
Built to resemble an ancient stepped well within the walls of the property gardens, the ‘bawdi’ offers a soothing escape from the day time heat especially in the summer months. Take a dip whenever you’d like to cool off!   


Category 03 max 50 words :
SHL: Puppet Shows
A cultural highlight of your stay, the hotel features traditional Rajasthani puppet shows. These enchanting marionettes are sure to captivate you, and you'll likely want to take one home as a souvenir. We also arrange evening cultural programs, including ghazals, Kalbeliya dance, and live sarangi performances, offering you a deeper connection to the rich local heritage.
Keywords: Rajasthani puppet shows




Category 04 max 50 words :
SHL: Gym
If staying active is an essential part of your day, there’s no need to miss out on your fitness routine while on holiday. Our small but fully-equipped gym ensures you can maintain your workout while enjoying your stay.


Category 05 max 50 words :
SHL: Hotel Units
Each of our 20 hotel units blends classic Jaipur elegance with modern comforts, including en-suite bathrooms, air conditioning, and luxurious bedding. Unique artworks and artefacts add charm, creating your personal Rajasthani retreat for the stay.
Keywords: Jaipur
HL: Location 
Karma Haveli
240 Gatore Road, Brahmapuri,
Jaipur, Rajasthan, 
302002, India




Resort Direct Dial
+91 969 449 9003
Email
karma.haveli@karmagroup.com




Karma Haveli offers guests a luxurious experience immersed in India’s rich cultural heritage.
-Book Now 




HL: Get in touch 


Our award-winning Karma concierge is at your service. 


First Name -
Last Name -
Member ID -
Mobile Number -
Email ID -
Country of Residence -
Reason for Enquiry -
Your Message -
- I agree to authorise Karma Club to process my data and to contact me in compliance with the Karma Group Privacy Policy.




—----------------------------------------