KARMA SEVEN LAKES




Meta Page Title:
Karma Seven Lakes - City of Lakes is one of India’s most romantic cities




Meta Description:
Udaipur, Rajasthan also known as the City of Lakes is one of India’s most romantic cities. Situated centrally in this historic, elegant and picturesque city is Karma Seven Lakes.
Banner Headline (3/5 words):


HL: Karma Seven Lakes


Udaipur, India 


Web Intro (max 120 words):
Karma Seven Lakes, Udaipur
Udaipur, Rajasthan also known as the City of Lakes is one of India’s most romantic cities. Situated centrally in this historic, elegant and picturesque city is Karma Seven Lakes. A striking feature of this unique hotel is that it has been built using only natural stone. The hotel offers excellent dining options at the indoor restaurant or outdoor at the roof-top restaurant, where you can also relish delicious barbeques. The expansive roof-top offers stunning views of the setting sun. Karma Seven Lakes is located in New Fatehpura, an affluent suburb of Udaipur and is in close proximity to numerous cafés, restaurants, boutiques and stores. It is in the perfect location from which to explore the best of Udaipur.
Keywords: Karma Seven Lakes, Udaipur, Rajasthan, hotel in Udaipur


App Intro (max 50 words):
Karma Seven Lakes in Udaipur features unique natural stone architecture, rooftop dining with barbeques, and stunning sunset views. The property also offers a rooftop pool and is ideally located near cafés and boutiques, perfect for exploring the city.
Keywords: Karma Seven Lakes, Udaipur
HL: Accommodation




This hotel in Udaipur, Rajasthan,  offers 24 luxurious rooms, including Luxury Twin and Luxury Double Rooms, featuring teak and rosewood furniture, high-quality dazzle onyx stone floors, luxury bath fittings.
Keywords: hotel in Udaipur Rajasthan




Room Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Hotel Unit Sleeps 2
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	HU DBL
	2
	0
	This spacious room features a double bed, ideal for two adults. Room facilities include en-suite bathrooms with walk-in showers, energy-saving key tags, fixed French windows, air conditioning, 42-inch LED TVs with satellite connection, in-room safes, mini refrigerators, high-speed Wi-Fi, and ambient lighting.
Amenities:
* Double bed
* 42-inch LED TV
* Air conditioning
* In-room safes
* Mini fridge
* Wi-Fi
* En-suite bathroom 


Keywords: en- suite, double bed
Room Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Hotel Unit Twin
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 2)
	HU TWIN
	2
	0
	This cozy room features a twin bed set up (two separate beds), walk-in shower, and en-suite bathroom. It includes an LED TV with cable/satellite, Wi-Fi, a kettle for tea/coffee, a mini fridge, and a safe locker, providing everything you need for a comfortable and convenient stay.
Amenities:
* Twin bed set up (two separate beds)
* LED TV with cable/satellite
* Air conditioning
* Electric kettle
* Safe locker
* Mini fridge
* Wi-Fi
* En-suite bathroom 


Keywords: en- suite




HL: Cuisine
At Karma Seven Lakes, the culinary experience is rooted in the rich traditions of Mewari cuisine, a regional specialty from the Mewar region of Rajasthan. Our chefs reinterpret classic recipes with a contemporary twist. Signature dishes like the iconic Dal Baati Churma (roasted stuffed dough balls served with lentil curry and sweet wheat flour crumbs) and Laal Maas (spicy mutton curry) offer a true taste of Rajasthan’s royal heritage.
Keywords: Karma Seven Lakes, Mewari cuisine, Rajput traditions




Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: The Lobby Cafe
The Lobby Cafe is a 30-cover all-day dining restaurant offering breakfast, lunch, and dinner in a comfortable indoor, air-conditioned setting. Designed as a contemporary fine dining venue, it features colonial-style furniture, local artisans’ pure silver art,it’s the perfect place to enjoy fine dining with a blend of comfort and tradition.








Keywords: colonial-style furniture, wall art


Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: The  Sunset Deck
The 40-cover rooftop restaurant, located on the 5th floor, spans two levels and offers stunning panoramic views of the city, Fatehsagar Lake. The sunset deck, which also houses a spectacular rooftop pool, is open for dinner service only and features a fusion BBQ-themed menu.
Keywords: Fatehsagar Lake






HL: Facilities
Karma Seven Lakes offers a range of guest facilities to enhance your stay, including a rooftop swimming pool with views of the surrounding city, and a selection of board games for family entertainment. Guests can enjoy Wi-Fi access in rooms and public areas, a high-speed elevator, and secure parking with 24-hour security.
Keywords: Karma Seven Lakes
Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Rooftop Swimming Pool
Take in panoramic views of the distant mountains while enjoying a refreshing dip.
Keywords: Karma Seven Lakes, Udaipur
Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Guest Activities
Udaipur and Rajasthan offer a wealth of sights and experiences, which is why we’ve leveraged our local expertise to curate a selection of day trips and excursions that allow you to explore the city’s historic landmarks, restaurants, shops, and the natural beauty of the city, ensuring you make the most of your stay at Karma Seven Lakes.
Keywords: Karma Seven Lakes, Udaipur, Rajasthan




HL: Location 


Karma Seven Lakes
2-B, New Fatehpura Between Sukhadia Circle and Saheliyon-Ki-Bari,
Rajasthan 313001






Resort Direct Dial
+91 977-2175777


Email
ksl.udaipur@karmagroup.com
Experience the romance of Udaipur’s shimmering lakes, grand palaces, and timeless beauty.
- Book Now
HL: Get in touch 


Our award-winning Karma concierge is at your service. 


First Name -
Last Name -
Member ID -
Mobile Number -
Email ID -
Country of Residence -
Reason for Enquiry -
Your Message -
- I agree to authorise Karma Club to process my data and to contact me in compliance with the Karma Group Privacy Policy.




—----------------------------------------