KARMA CHAKRA




Meta Page Title:
Book Boutique Lake Resort in Kerala on Lake Vembanad, India


Meta Description:
Karma Chakra is a 24 room boutique lake resort in Kerala for nature lovers with private balcony and sweeping views of the lake. 
Banner Headline (3/5 words):


HL: Karma Chakra


Kerala, India 




Web Intro (max 120 words):
Nestled on the palm-fringed shores of Lake Vembanad, Kerala’s largest lake spanning 213 square kilometres, this charming 24-room lake resort in Kerala offers an ideal retreat. Karma Chakra, a 5 star hotel in Kumarakom, Kerala, boasts stunning views of the lake, providing the perfect sanctuary to explore the lush and vibrant region.
This property is part of Karma Group’s award-winning Lifestyle and Leisure Club.
Keywords: lake resort in Kerala, Lake Vembanad, Karma Chakra, 5 star hotel in Kumarakom Kerala 






App Intro (max 50 words):
Set on the palm-fringed shores of Lake Vembanad, Kerala’s largest lake, this 24-room lake resort in Kerala offers a serene retreat. All rooms feature beautiful lake views, making it the perfect base to explore the region.
Keywords: lake resort in Kerala, Lake Vembanad






HL: Accommodation
At Karma Chakra,  a resort in Vembanad Lake, your home for the stay is one of 24 luxurious air-conditioned rooms, each featuring a private outdoor balcony.
Keywords: resort in Vembanad Lake


Room Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Hotel Unit 
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	HU
	2
	0
	
Unit Code : HU
2 guests 

Elegantly furnished with traditional Keralan accents, each room features comfortable beds with plush bedding, stylish en-suite bathrooms, TVs, tea and coffee-making facilities, well-stocked minibars, and free Wi-Fi. Spanning 250 square feet, the rooms offer ample space to relax and include balconies overlooking the lake. Ground-floor rooms also have a garden area beyond the balcony.
Amenities:
* Plush bedding
* En-suite bathrooms
* TV
* Tea & Coffee making facilities
* Mini bar
* Wi-Fi
* Private balcony


Keywords: minibars, En-Suite, Wi-Fi


SHL: Hotel Unit Twin
Unit Code
	Adults
	Children (under 10)
	HU TWIN
	2
	0
	
Unit Code : HU TWIN
2 guests
Elegantly furnished with traditional Keralan accents, each room features comfortable twin beds with plush bedding, stylish en-suite bathrooms, TVs, tea and coffee-making facilities, well-stocked minibars, and free Wi-Fi. Spanning 250 square feet, the rooms offer ample space to relax and include balconies overlooking the lake. Ground-floor rooms also have a garden area beyond the balcony.






HL: Cuisine
Our Waterside Restaurant offers stunning views across the lake, where you can enjoy a delicious feast of local cuisine, sourced from local fishermen.


max 50 words :
SHL: Waterside Restaurant
Indulge in Kerala's special grilled Pearl Spot fish or local duck marinated in Keralan spices overnight. Savor Karimeen Curry or Seer Fish soup, each dish offering a unique and unforgettable taste of the region's rich culinary heritage.




HL: Facilities
At Karma Chakra, we’ve thought of everything to make your stay unforgettable- breathtaking views, delectable cuisine, rejuvenating massage therapies, and a variety of trips and tours to ensure you have the adventure of a lifetime.
Category 01 max 50 words :
SHL: Waterside Restaurant
With stunning views across the lake and delicious local cuisine, this is an ideal spot for bird-watching. Enjoy the sight of our own gaggle of ducklings playfully swimming in the inner lake, safely enclosed behind gates.
Keywords: bird-watching, local cuisine


Category 02 max 50 words :
SHL: Karma Spa
Take a break from your adventures and indulge in a traditional Keralite Ayurvedic massage, designed to soothe both body and soul. It’s the perfect way to relax and rejuvenate during your stay.
- View Spa Menu
- Book Now
Keywords: Ayurvedic massage
Category 03 max 50 words :
SHL: Infinity Pool
Our stunning 21-meter infinity pool offers breathtaking views across the lake, allowing you to enjoy sightseeing and people-watching while you take a refreshing dip.




Category 04 max 50 words :
SHL: Fishing
Borrow fishing rods from reception and try your luck on the lake, or let us arrange an expedition with local fishermen. For a truly local experience, spend a day with farmers or enjoy traditional activities like coconut tree climbing, net fishing, and bow-and-arrow fishing.
Keywords: Fishermen, net fishing, bow-and-arrow






Category 05 max 50 words :
SHL: Activities Area & Three Monkeys Club
Choose from a great selection of games and activities at our upper level activities area for adults. Choose from Billiards, Carrom, chess, air hockey, foosball, play station and more. It’s the perfect way to relax and enjoy your down-time! Outdoor activities include a Badminton Court, a Coconut Shy stall, Fishing and Cycling. 
The Three Monkeys Club on the ground level for our little guests features a play zone with a slide, ball pit, toys and daily fun activities. Outdoor activities include soft archery and darts. 




Category 06 max 50 words :
SHL: Gym
Whether you want to stick to your usual workout routine or try something new, our gym offers state-of-the-art equipment and stunning vistas across the lake to keep you motivated.
Category 07 max 50 words :
SHL: Library
Our cozy library is stocked with a great selection of books and periodicals for you to enjoy during your stay.


Category 08 max 50 words :
SHL: Tour Desk
From wildlife spotting to beach hopping, whatever you want to experience in Kerala, our experienced staff can curate a bespoke tour just for you. The adventure of a lifetime begins right here.




Category 09 max 50 words :
SHL: Karma Chakra Boat House 
Karma Chakra’s “Karma Chakra House Boat” accessible from the resort’s private jetty, offers two en-suite bedrooms onboard with a common dining and seating space at the front of the boat.  The boat offers a rustic and cozy space - a perfect setting for idyllic day time lunch cruises of peaceful overnight stays on the calm waters of the Vembanad Lake. 
Keywords: Karma Chakra House Boat








HL: Location 
Karma Chakra
Near Nazreth Church,
Kumarakom PO, Kottayam
Kerala 686563, India




Resort Direct Dial
+91 (0) 944 608 0121


Email
chakra@karmagroup.com




A world of serene backwaters, captivating beaches, and incredible wildlife awaits your discovery.
- Book Now




HL: Get in touch 


Our award-winning Karma concierge is at your service. 


First Name -
Last Name -
Member ID -
Mobile Number -
Email ID -
Country of Residence -
Reason for Enquiry -
Your Message -
- I agree to authorise Karma Club to process my data and to contact me in compliance with the Karma Group Privacy Policy.




—----------------------------------------